yo guys what is up its naked today I'm
going to show you guys how to get the
custom rosters on bunch of videos been
posted up on this but i thought i'd give
you guys maybe some of my fans or some
of my subscribers i haven't seen any of
those videos and we're interested in the
roster share maybe getting the raster so
they could start their dynasties road to
glories all that stuff so they can't
they don't have to deal with quarterback
number 12 or wide receiver number 21 or
some crap like that for you guys on ps3
this is on xbox for those of you on ps3
is going to be Jeff dilo to me capital j
lowercase eff capital d capital l
lowercase o w/e i will post them both in
the comments but this is the one for
xbox it is past the Padre I believe he
has all of it right I believe it's a
hundred oops I think it's a hundred
percent correct maybe one or two very
minor mistakes that really won't affect
like your overall view of the roster I'm
just got a name at pasta Padre save it
on my storage device I really wanted to
get this so i could start my official
dynasty I decided that I'm going to hold
off on doing a dynasty for my youtube
channel until I go to college and I'm
able to get my mac book pro so I'll be
able to um I'll be able to edit it more
efficiently and stuff like that I hope
you guys don't mind it's only it only be
about a month there to wait depending on
when i get my macbook pro if I happen to
get it before then I'll start it before
then I'll bow to look at this you
gloated there sorry I didn't say
anything about that you load it here
he's got to go to settings and then
there's file management down there a
little hard to find but not too
difficult but here we'll go look at the
rosters um loading up there's Michigan
concede Taylor Lewan Jeremy gallon he's
a 90 Devin Gardner's an 89 we can go
look at some of the smaller schools um
we'll go look at let senior North Texas
got name for these I don't know I can't
tell you if these are right but they
look they should be right noordam I can
tell your players on here we've got
Louis Nix
the third step on to it Zack Martin I
know all these are right Everett Golson
who's not the quarterback anymore but I
know all those guys are correct go look
at Ohio State Braxton Miller all
everything here looks right organ
De'Anthony Thomas Josh Huff Colt Lyerla
Marcus Mariota all that is correct all
those names are right I'm a big organ
fan so I can tell you all those names
are right Texas Jackson Jeffcoat all
these are right Quantrill or Kwan
dreidel digs that was Cointreau but it
might be quandary I don't remember um
but the digs part is it real at least
right but I i I'm i might be wrong Jaxon
Shipley all that is right go look at USC
Marqise Lee beast best best player on
that team by far side was red he says
he's actually pretty high let's go look
at Alabama most I should I believe all
of you should know a lot of the players
on Alabama I got CJ Mosley AJ McCarron
ah ha clinton-dix ed Stinson Craig right
there Amari Cooper so this looks right
to me once again I'll put the things in
the description pasta Padre and Jeff
deal oh I just wanted to let you guys
see this just in case some of you didn't
have the roster sets already or didn't
know how to get them or that they even
existed that yes so I hope you guys
enjoyed the video drop like if you did
subscribe if you have it now we'll catch
you all later peace out guys